Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Gohan!
Hurry! Hurry!
Father!
Goku is...
K-Kakarrot!
Goku has died.
Everyone seals up the sorrow in their hearts their
own way,
and peace continues for a short time.
And then, half a year later...
A devilish pair appears on an island in the south.
The warriors step forward. However...
Piccolo dies.
So do Vegeta,
Yamucha,
Tenshinhan,
and Kuririn.
The world is plunged into the depths of terror as
a result of these two Artificial Humans.
This is the story of another future.
"Defiance in the face of despair!! The remaining
superwarriors- Gohan and Trunks"
And now, thirteen years later...
The Artificial Humans! The Artificial Humans are
attacking!
Somebody help!
I'll give you all ten seconds. See if you can get
away in that time.
I don't think it's very likely, though.
10...
9...
8...
7...
6...
5...
4...
3...
2...
1...
0!
Devils! They're devils!
The Artificial Humans have appeared in
Peppertown. This is hell!
It's as if hell had arrived on earth.
Now that the military has been destroyed, is there
no one who can stand against them?
They're pretty far away, we'll be okay here.
But we don't know how long it might be before
they head this way, do we?
The Artificial Humans continue to attack
mercilessly and indiscriminately!
It's only a matter of time before Peppertown lies
in ruins!
If the Artificial Humans are not defeated, there
can be no future!
At this point, it's up to me to...
Muten Roshi-sama, you mustn't!
He's right! Piccolo, Vegeta, and even Yamucha
were taken out by them!
If only Goku...
If only Goku had lived...
Please, all I ask you is to spare my life! Take as
many clothes as you want!
Oh? You have such stylish clothes. I'm quite
pleased.
They're letting me live!
What, you did him in?
This is no good, No. 17! Didn't I tell you to at least
leave the clothes?
Oops. I forgot.
The terror in Peppertown continues!
What could this cruel, cold-blooded pair be
thinking?
Run away! Run away!
If you dawdle around, you'll get run over!
Peppertown is experiencing the absolute worst of
all terrors!
The Artificial Humans are running mad!
Those miserable Artificial Humans! They won't get
away with this!
I don't know what it is they're thinking,
killing their creator Doctor Gero,
and all those innocent people, one after another!
They're just a pair of monsters who take pleasure
in killing.
Can't anything be done about them?
Mom, would you go on home without me?
Trunks, what are you thinking of doing?
You're not thinking...
Trunks!
Hey! That was awful!
Hey, now! If you aren't lucky, you're headed for
hell!
No. 17! How long are you going to play around!?
Let's hurry up and wreck this city!
Let's go, No. 17.
I'm too late.
Gohan-san! Why are the Artificial Humans doing
this!?
I can't take this! I can't just let the Artificial
Humans keep having their way!
I want to become stronger! I want to get stronger
and beat them!
Gohan-san, please! Will you train me even harder??
I can't just sit here doing nothing!
I have my Dad's blood -the warrior-race Saiyajin
blood running through me!
Gohan-san!
You remind me a lot of when I was younger.
No matter how hard my mother tried to stop me,
I felt like, I had to train, I had to train...
Trunks, those guys are incredibly strong!
Right! I'll do my best!
Way to go, Trunks!
Trunks!
It's Mom, Gohan-san!
Please don't say anything about this, okay?
Oh, good, Trunks, you made it back okay.
I was worried you may have gone to Peppertown.
Uh, ahem.
Ah, Gohan-kun, you're here too.
Yes.
This is perfect. You're probably hungry, aren't
you?
I brought plenty of groceries home, so you're
eating with us.
And hey, you two, I don't want you playing
anything dangerous!
Thanks to those Artificial Humans,
I've been able to get less and less of what I've
wanted to lately.
I'll just have to cover for what's missing with my
cooking skills.
Well, go ahead and eat.
I humbly accept.
Second, please.
Amazing, so alike.
What's that?
Wearing that Gi, and eating the way you were,
you seem just like your father Son-kun. It's
amazing.
I made this Gi because I wanted to be strong, like
Father was.
That's what I thought at the time, but I haven't
had much luck.
Maybe, but sometimes I hear stories about you.
You're facing off against the Artificial Humans all
by yourself.
That's pretty cool.
Well...
But Trunks is starting to look up to those stories.
I don't know what to do with him wanting to
imitate you. Can you make him listen to reason?
An impressive Ki. He's every bit the son of
Vegeta.
Help me!
What's wrong? Is that all you've got?
Here.
Gohan-san,
What kind of person was my dad?
He died soon after I was born, and I never knew
him.
Mom doesn't talk about him much, either.
He was a hard man to please, but he was very
strong, and proud of who he was.
Really. Mom says the same thing.
I'm back!
Welcome home. How did it go?
I heard another city got destroyed.
They say half the world's people have been killed
now.
Everyone's livin' in terror.
Oh yeah, an' I heard some stories about Gohan.
About Gohan!? How's Gohan-chan doin'!?
Sounds as though he's partnerin' up with Trunks
an' fightin' the Artificial Humans.
I reckon he's still tryin' to avenge everyone else's
deaths.
If it weren't for them, he would've been a great
scientist by now.
Gohan, come home! I don't care about no Artificial
Humans. Just come home soon.
Get angry! You must become more angry!
Anger will make you a Super Saiyajin!
Shoot!
It's quite possible he might become an even
greater warrior than I am!
He could even win against the Artificial Humans!
I bet this is the only amusement park still doing
business these days.
Our city still has a military presence, so the
Artificial Humans won't attack us.
Hey there, no cutting in, keep your place in line.
Stay in line? You must be joking.
No you don't, go back to your pla-...
I hate this guy.
Hello? Is this the military? Hello?
Hello? Hello? Hello...?
We should have come here sooner!
This stuff is too good to be used by regular
humans!
Over there, Trunks!
Right!
No. 17, hurry, hurry!
What, you guys again?
And we were in such a good mood, too.
No. 17, take care of them quickly.
All right.
Trunks, stay back!
Right.
He's winning! Gohan-san is winning!
Don't interfere, No. 18!
Don't cry sour grapes. You almost had it there.
Let's take care of these guys so we can play!
Gohan-san!
Lousy brat!
Damn!
Trunks!
You aren't getting away!
Hmph. Well, we can't play here any more.
We still have to finish them off.
Surely they're already dead.
And if they are alive, we'll see them again.
Let's go home.
All right then.
T- this is the last Senzu.
T- Trunks, you...take it.
You're...our last hope.
What happened, Trunks!?
Gohan-san was protecting me, and he...
Hurry and lay him down on the bed! We'll have to
call a doctor!
It's all right. He's no longer in any mortal danger.
Your mom knew all about what you were doing.
About how you and Gohan-kun were fighting
together.
I'm sorry, mom.
If only Son-kun were alive...
Pretty soon, the time machine will be finished.
Once it's done, you'll be able to get inside it,
and it will take you back in time to when Son-kun
was still alive...
Damn you, Artificial Humans!
Get angry! You've got to get angrier!
Damn! While we're here doing this, who knows
what they're up to?
Crap!
Why can't I become a Super Saiyajin?
Just a little farther, Trunks.
It was awfully hard for me, too.
Becoming a Super Saiyajin is a matter of anger.
I thought about how Piccolo-san and Kuririn-san,
and everyone else were killed by the Artificial
Humans.
And as I dwelt on that, it finally happened, and I
became a Super Saiyajin.
You've got Vegeta-san's blood flowing through
you.
You'll be a Super Saiyajin before long. That's for
sure!
The Metroplex!
Damned Artificial Humans! They've finally come to
this city!
This time you've had it!
Gohan-san, are you in any shape for this?
Trunks, you stay here, you hear me?
No way! If you're going, Gohan-san, then I'm going
too!
I'm a lot stronger than before!
Trunks! Don't take the Artificial Humans' power so
lightly!
I won't be a burden any longer!
I want to fight alongside you, Gohan-san!
Okay, you got it. Trunks, let's go!
Right!
Trunks, you're our last hope.
If you were to die, there won't be any warriors left
to defend the earth.
You're the last warrior, and a few years from now,
you'll have the ability to defeat the Artificial
Humans.
Give it up, No. 17. There are hardly any humans
left here.
Let's go somewhere else.
Chances are there's a place to the north of there
where the humans are hiding.
Don't be in such a hurry!
Let's be more though.
If we don't carefully exterminate everyone,
then where's the fun of it all for us?
We could just as well blow it all up at once.
Okay then, let's play some kind of game.
You could run them over with a car or something.
That might be fun too...
No. 17, you look hilarious!
I like these clothes. When they get ragged, it
annoys me.
They're not as sturdy as our bodies, you
understand.
I've only got four more sets like this.
But never mind that, Son Gohan. You really are
still alive.
We won't let you go this time.
We're going to fight you at full power and kill you.
I am not going to die! Not even if this body is
destroyed...
There will be another who will arise and carry out
my last wish...
And he will defeat you Artificial Humans!
Gohan-san!
I can't feel Gohan-san's Ki!
Gohan-san...
Gohan-san!
Goha- Gohan-san!
Gohan-san...
This can't be!
Gohan-san! Gohan-san! Gohan-san!
GOHAN-SAN!
And so, three years later...
I'm home, Mom. I managed to buy a lot of good
groceries today.
Welcome back. Guess what, Trunks.
We've got just about enough energy charged
in the time machine for a round-trip journey.
This will be enough to let you go about twenty
years into the past.
It took nearly eight months to charge it this much;
too bad we can't test it.
I think it will get you there and back safely,
though.
If only my lab hadn't been destroyed,
I could have made it a lot better.
Mom, with the strength I have now, I think it's
enough to defeat the Artificial Humans.
I shouldn't need to go to the trouble of traveling
into the past and learning from them.
You're just having wishful thoughts.
Sure, you've become a lot stronger,
but I'm sure you haven't forgotten how Gohan-kun
was killed three years ago.
I don't think there's that much difference
between how strong he was then and how strong
you are now.
I've trained so much since then!
Quite frankly, I know this time I can take them!
We interrupt this program for an update on the
Artificial Humans.
They are currently attacking Bridgetown,
an area 900 meters south of Metro West.
Residents in the area are advised to use caution.
That's really close to here.
N- Now hold on, Trunks. Don't get any crazy...
I'll be back. I'm going to show you I can beat
them!
Whoa, Trunks! Wait!
Gohan-san, and everyone else, I will avenge you
this day!
You just wait and see what's coming, Artificial
Humans!
Let's head on back.
I'm with you.
Artificial Humans! You've had it this time!
You killed Gohan-san, and I will take revenge!
Such a brat. He never learns, does he?
We don't like you guys.
What nerve! Now you've done it!
I did it!
He's certainly become several times stronger than
last time.
But his attacks are all so direct.
I think that will just wear him out.
They're dodging me.
My energy is missing them by a hair's breadth...
It's no use! They're dodging them!
Where are they!?
Where did they go!?
You seem to be breathing pretty hard.
Unfortunately for you, our energy lasts forever,
and is inexhaustible.
Looks like you've completely lost your will to
fight.
Let's put an end to this, No. 17.
Is he dead?
Artificial Humans! Why are you doing this!?
Doctor Gero apparently built us for the purpose of
world domination,
but that doesn't matter to us.
Whenever we see humans, it angers us. We hate
humans.
You can't get away with this! You can't get away
with this!
And now to finish you...
Wait.
It will be me who finishes him off.
Trunks! Trunks! You're okay!
Mom...
Thank goodness. Trunks, you've been out for the
last five days straight.
Forgive me, Mom. You were right, I'm not nearly a
match for the Artificial Humans.
I'm glad you came back to me alive.
You've got a strong streak of luck, just like your
mom.
As soon as I've recovered, I'm ready to take the
time machine.
That sounds good. First you'll go twenty years
into the past and give Son-kun...
I mean, Gohan-kun's father this medicine.
If only he hadn't died from that heart disease,
I doubt the terrible state the world is in would
have come about like this.
This father of Gohan-san's, was he really all that
strong?
He certainly was strong as well,
but no matter what terrible thing happened...
You felt like he would take care of things for
you...
He always had a way of making you feel like that.
I...
I look forward to meeting Dad.
I'm not sure you'll want to expect too much.
Here. This is the cure for the heart disease.
Be sure you give it to right to Son-kun, okay?
Don't get in over your head.
Right! You be careful too, Mom.
So then,
I'm counting on you!
I'll be back.
And so, Trunks boards the time machine, bound
for today's era.
A whole new battle was waiting for him there.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org